---
layout: post
title: pg cert
permalink: /pg-cert/
categories: learning
tags: [learning]
author: tEdör
comment: false
---

Deadline: 8 May 2019 2pm TurnitIn.

Line manager: Nigel Ward (Head of School)
Observation: week 10 or week 11?

Submit two tasks:
1) written assignment: Max 4000 words (patch 1,2,3,4)
2) observed teaching practice: 2000 words (teaching observation and reflection)
submission on TurnitIn;

My lesson observed will be focusing on student's progress on their projects. This means there will not be new knowledge introduced by me. Is this a problem for E11?

## todo:
after the course - apply for fellowship.

todo:
- Richard & Tom about logbook (do they have any good tools?)


## logbook

2019 02 20
webinar:
* good example for E11 in week04 folder;
* good targets are in Nicole and MacFalande;
* use the support sheet (week 4) to self assess;
* good example for me would be students assess previous submissions;



2019 02 13
webinar:
- assessment literacy: understanding what academics think is good for students;
- if they don't understand how academic feedback is made, it will be frustrating and not effective;
- self assessment is important because you will understand what the next steps are;
- self assessment / peer assessment needs to inform both 1. teaching and 2. learning;


_Tara Jakes (Module Tutor): How would self/peer assessment support them?_

Paul Millington: It may give them some confidence that others have similar anxieties to them...?

Anand Tomar: they will learn quickly from their friends without any hesitation

Khalid: as you have mentioned by checking theiir peer's wprk they will be able find their own mistakes.

Chang: knowing their gap between where they are now and where teacher expected

Krisztian Hofstadter: they might be more open to other students

Katy: to engage with the material rather than trying to do the bare minimum to pass - identyfying areas of accountability (such as poor student practices)

Zak: They would have a better idea about what aspects of a piece of work they need to concentrate on, and how to improve their understanding (and their grades)

Jo: Appreciate the value of peer assessment and ability to learn from others.

Maria: As previoulsy it would help by providing an insight on how they are performing and how they should improve or correct any misundertandings

Katrina Oates: some of mine are quite competitive (can be a force for good and bad)

Paul Millington: They may feel underprepared and by identifying the gaps they may see that others have similar views

Sarath Gunathilaka: Help them to put forward creative ideas and initiatives to new concepts/practices

Jo: Provide a more structured appraoch.

Katrina Oates: can help weaker students by giving structure

Alison cooke: displays their level of understanding; where they need to seek further assistance  (tutor or peer)

! **Find references in slides. **

--

Tara Jakes (Module Tutor): **Why would you like your students to develop their assessment literacy?**

Paul Millington: To help them understand the criteria by which they are being evaluated.

Katy: deeper learning for them, less spoon feeding from me!

Maria: For own awareness and learning progress

Krisztian Hofstadter: higher marks, easier marking

Jo: Improve engagement within the session. Colloborative process

Anand Tomar: so that they can understand the assessment properly and will do it accordingly and achieve desired results

Khalid: Students will get better idea about what is expected from them and there will be a common understanding eventually better performance.

Alison cooke: to enable students to understand and utilise the feedback for future use and also self development of their academic skills

Zak: It helps both teachers and leaners for students to have assesment literacy as teaching methods/content can then be revised/designed with this feedback

Katrina Oates: I’m preparing my student for an exam that has a particular structure. my self assessment tool takes them through the structure so that they know the depth of information required

Chang: able to communiate in their professional career in the future.

2019 02 06
reflection on teaching on Tue;
- formative assessment: how do I make sure that student constantly learn: 1) what is learning 2) what do they have to learn: check module outcomes - how can I measure their progress: with the log, with asking questions about how confident they are in what they have to do?
- adding formative assessment (informal) at the start of each class;

webinar (12-1pm)
- plan from the end;
- assessment can be listening, questioning, discussing;
- perhaps have a few formative assessment and at the end a summative assessment;
- Krisztian Hofstadter: "I need source and narrate high quality information that is in an agile way aligned to student projects."


2019-01-30 (2h)
attending webinar and wen tutorial

2019-01-24
checking Canvas, quick talk to Sue over the phone;
